Let's see
very good androids and an eagle and this
is everything is mister android this is the
third part of how to root the
phone finally
I'll even give you a galaxy mini with the
last tutorial that I want to give you the
last step if the super does not work
one click following the steps of one of the
htc hobby forum in this case the
user rollings for it
the first thing that we will have to see according to
put here to the version of our
operating system that has android
good
to see us we have to get into
adjustments first then about the
phone
been money
the android version 2.3 points and for
we have to follow the tutorial
gingerbread
2.3 points
the first step in indicates to download
this file I already have it downloaded
I have it here
and the second step when putting it in the
card in the root directory and also
I have put it and we only have left
restart the phone in mode
recovery that does not indicate that with the
terminal off press the middle button
and on simultaneously or
central and ignition simultaneously
we proceed
one of this method
Then you need cable driver level
also very simple router to the phone
although it is not supposed to be the super one
click
let's turn it on in recovery mode
now I was
more inside we get
ford Love sdk
wildcard
now
where the the middle button
I do not have I gingerbread 2.3 points six
ruth and the file that is true
the whole ham
and it's already surrounded I have not seen it is
easy we work the cisterns and
to restart
and we will have it totally rooted without
there is hardly any risk we follow the steps
final declared the low for another
somewhat more complicated terminal but for
The ghanassy measure is what there is
download a file the recovery mode
very good Cuba and it is already like checking
that is truly rooted
you came slowly
for posterity
one
let's see if our ending is
fought
at least of application
and here I have it
the user
our teacher
the application we can choose what
Applications
so I have to leave the link
with this with this forum in the description
subscribe and will serve or give the
second and until the next delivery
ah
do not